Here’s a summary of what was accomplished in your OpenTSSL project during this session:

Summary of Work Completed
1. Key Generation and Management
RSA, DSA, and EC Key Support
The Tcl commands opentssl::key::generate, opentssl::key::parse, and opentssl::key::write now support RSA, DSA, and EC (Elliptic Curve) keys.
EC key generation allows specifying the curve (default: prime256v1).
All key types can be parsed and written in PEM format.
Codebase Fixes
Fixed logic in KeyGenerateCmd to properly branch for RSA, DSA, and EC keys.
Ensured all code paths return a value, resolving build warnings.
Corrected unreachable code for DSA key generation.
Build
The project now builds successfully. There are warnings about deprecated OpenSSL functions, but these do not prevent compilation.
2. Tcl Integration
The shared library (libopentssl.so) loads in Tcl as expected.
All key management commands (opentssl::key::generate, opentssl::key::parse, opentssl::key::write) are available and working.
3. Documentation and TODOs
The TODO.md and README.md were updated to reflect:
RSA, DSA, and EC key management in PEM format is complete.
DER format support for all key types is the next milestone.
Additional features (HMAC, Base64/Hex encoding/decoding, more X.509 fields) are listed as future steps.
Next Steps
Implement DER format support for RSA, DSA, and EC keys.
Address OpenSSL deprecation warnings in the C code.
Extend key parsing/writing to handle more metadata and key types.
Implement HMAC and encoding/decoding commands as outlined in the TODO.


NEW UPDATE:


Here’s a summary of what was done in the recent work and the current status of the OpenTSSL project, based on the TODO.md and recent changes:

Summary of Recent Work
DSA and EC Signing/Verification
Tcl commands for DSA and EC signing and verification have been fully implemented:
opentssl::dsa::sign, opentssl::dsa::verify
opentssl::ec::sign, opentssl::ec::verify
Usage examples for both DSA and EC sign/verify commands are provided in the TODO.md.
HMAC Functionality (Planned/Next Step)
The next planned feature is HMAC support.
The target Tcl command will be:
opentssl::hmac -alg <name> -key <key> <data>
Implementation will use OpenSSL’s HMAC APIs and support all OpenSSL digests.
Encoding/Decoding (Planned)
Base64 and hex encoding/decoding commands are outlined for future implementation:
opentssl::base64::encode, opentssl::base64::decode
opentssl::hex::encode, opentssl::hex::decode
These will use OpenSSL’s EVP_EncodeBlock and EVP_DecodeBlock functions.
PKCS and SSL/TLS (Planned)
Future plans include support for PKCS#12, PKCS#7, and advanced SSL/TLS session/context management, as needed.
In summary:

DSA and EC signing/verification is complete and documented.
HMAC and encoding/decoding features are the next milestones.
